Minor doc tweaks (#270)
IBM/zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin: docs/pages/cdp/cdp-Home.md

title: Zowe CLI CICS deploy plug-in
tags: [getting_started]
keywords:

> summary: "The cics-deploy plug-in extends the Zowe command line interface (CLI) to deploy applications developed on a workstation to IBM CICS Transaction Server for z/OS (CICS). The Zowe CLI and plugins provide a simple and streamlined way to interact with IBM z/OS."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "The cics-deploy plug-in extends the Zowe command line interface (CLI) to deploy applications developed on a workstation to IBM CICS Transaction Server for z/OS (CICS). The Zowe CLI and plug-ins provide a simple and streamlined way to interact with IBM z/OS."
```

sidebar: cdp_sidebar
permalink: index.html
folder: cdp
---

> The cics-deploy plugin provides a CICS deployment workflow for developers and CI/CD automation pipelines similar to that experienced when deploying applications to cloud environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cics-deploy plug-in provides a CICS deployment workflow for developers and CI/CD automation pipelines similar to that experienced when deploying applications to cloud environments.
```
